What you said is true.
Our company doesn't have to go out of business.
In three days, the Qin family will hold an investment banquet for us
Give the land in Chengdu to our company for development
Sister Chengdu is now a piece of land
No. 001 Golden Land
If we develop this land
We must be cautious in Xinrong Real Estate
The future real estate will be great
Good.
However, the land in the east of the city is not easy to develop
There's an eco-lake over there.
It's full of protected animals
It's hard to think
It can't be developed at all without moving.
The Gu family will help us solve this matter.
Apply for a license to protect animal migration
Give us a banquet in 3 days.
Our family has been transshipped again.
With this certificate
The problem of ecological lakes is solved
Just remove those protected animals
It can be developed normally.
But if you want to develop this land
It requires a lot of money.
Even if we mortgage the land now
Just enough to activate the funds
It's too risky
These are not problems
The price is willing to provide 5 billion cash support
Delivery with investment banquet
The top construction party under the provincial and municipal groups
The cooperation agreement is still limited to 3 days after the agreement.
What the hell is going on?
Why did the four big players suddenly want to support us?
We can't come into contact with the four grand feet at all.
Is there a good thing again?
I'll get the door
Ma Jing
I'm back!
Why is it your sister-in-law?
Aren't you old?
Why did you come back?